EDU-8: Describe subdirectory data links (#405)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.2/data_studios/index.mdx

- **errored**: This state most often indicates that there has been an error starting the data studio session but it is in a **stopped** state. There might be errors reported by the session itself but these will be overwritten with a **running** status if the data studio session is still running.

  :::tip
  If you encounter an error with the public preview release of Studios, [contact Seqera support][contact].
  :::

## Session data links

You can configure a Studio to mount one or more data links, where cloud buckets that you have configured in your compute environment are read-only, or read-write available to the session.

If your compute environment includes a cloud bucket in the **Allowed S3 bucket** list, the bucket is writeable from within a session when that bucket is included as a data link.

You can limit write access to just a subdirectory of a bucket by creating a custom data-link for only that subdirectory in Data Explorer, and then mount the data-link to the Studio session. For example, if you have the following S3 buckets:

- `s3://biopharmaXs`: Entire bucket

> - `3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`: Subdirectory to mount in a Studio session

Reviewer: typo: missing `s3://` instead of `3://`

> - `3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`: Subdirectory to mount in a Studio session

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `s3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`: Subdirectory to mount in a Studio session
```

> You can expose the `s3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data` bucket subdirectory in a studio session as `/workspace/data/biopharmaxs-project-a-experiment-1-data`.

Reviewer: suggestion: i feel like this needs a bit more of a generic explanation, something like this:
```
Mounted data link are exposed at the `/workspace/data/` path inside a studio session. 
As an example, the bucket subdirectory `s3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`, when mounted as a data link, will be exposed at  `/workspace/data/biopharmaxs-project-a-experiment-1-data`.
```

>   If you encounter an error with the public preview release of Data Studios, [contact Seqera support][contact].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If you encounter an error with the public preview release of Studios, [contact Seqera support][contact].
```

  :::

## Session data links

> You can configure a Data Studio to include one or more data links, where cloud buckets that you have configured in your compute environment are exposed within the studio session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure a Studio to include one or more data links, where cloud buckets that you have configured in your compute environment are exposed within the session.
```

If your compute environment includes a cloud bucket in the **Allowed S3 bucket** list, the bucket is writeable from within a session when that bucket is included as a data link.

> You can limit write access to just a subdirectory of a data bucket by creating an additional data bucket for only that subdirectory, and then using this bucket as a data link. For example, if you have the following S3 buckets:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can limit write access to just a subdirectory of a bucket by creating a custom data-link for only that subdirectory in Data Explorer, and then mount the data-link to the Studio session. For example, if you have the following S3 buckets:
```

- `s3://biopharmaXs`: Entire bucket

> - `3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`: Subdirectory for use from a studio session

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data`: Subdirectory to mount in a Studio session
```

> You can expose the `s3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data` bucket subdirectory in a studio session as `/workspace/data/biopharmaxs-project-a-experiment-1`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can expose the `s3://biopharmaX/experiments/project-A/experiment-1/data` bucket subdirectory in a studio session as `/workspace/data/biopharmaxs-project-a-experiment-1-data`.
```

> For more information, see [Limit Data Studio access to a specific cloud bucket subdirectory][cloud-bucket-subdirectory].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Limit Studio access to a specific cloud bucket subdirectory][cloud-bucket-subdirectory].
```

## Session checkpoints

> When you start a session, it automatically creates a *checkpoint*. A checkpoint saves changes that you make to the root filesystem and stores it in the compute environment's pipeline work directory in the `.studios/checkpoints` folder with a unique name. The checkpoint is updated every five minutes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When starting a Studio session, a *checkpoint* is automatically created. A checkpoint saves all changes made to the root filesystem and stores it in the attached compute environment's pipeline work directory in the `.studios/checkpoints` folder with a unique name. The current checkpoint is updated every five minutes during a session.
```
